= Micro Inferer
by Aish Fenton

== Description
  
A micro inference engine.

Declare your rules:
  inferer = Micro::Inferer.new
  inferer.when(:wet).it_is(:raining)
  inferer.when(:raining).and(:cold).it_is(:winter)

State the facts:
  inferer.it_is(:wet)
  inferer.it_is(:cold)

Infer stuff with it:
  inferer.infer
  > :winter

== Why use an inference engine?
You may want to consider using a rules engine when:
- Your rules have dependancies between them. In other words rule _a_ is true only if _b_ is true also 
- You have a large number of rules
- The data your rules use changes infrequently
- You need to run your rules frequently to see if they've fired
- You want declarative (and pretty) syntax for expressing your rules 

=== Performance

Performance is O(c) where _c_ is the number facts that have changed. This is the main difference between 
a rules engine and a collection of IF-THEN-ELSE statements. IF-THEN-ELSE statements have performance
O(rc) where _r_ is the number of rules.

<b>Micro::Inferer's performance is independant of the number of rules in the system</b>

== Install

  sudo gem install visfleet-micro_inferer

== Licence

(The MIT License)

Copyright (c) 2008 FIX

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
